Media Queries
*************

A media query groups together one or more CSS style rules and triggers the activation 
of those style rules when the viewport or device size reaches a certain size in pixels.

Media queries are always declared using the @media keyword and in our case here using 
a max width with a value of 767px. We're going to set a background color to blue for 
any class or any elements that use the mobile class.

We view our boxes and we see that there's no change. That's because the viewport is 
larger than 767px. If we change this in developer tools - we can see by default there 
it's collapsed - we can see the blue is visible. That's because the viewport is below 
767px at that point. And as we increase it beyond 767px we see that that media query 
is no longer active.


So it's useful for mobile design or responsive design - changing your styles depending 
on the viewport. You can see here using a Galaxy it behaves. If we go to an iPad Pro it
disappears because you can see here the width of an iPad pro is 1024px. This is much 
bigger than our setting of 767px.

We can then target our iPad Pros and desktops by using additional media queries. You 
don't have to do this. It depends on whether you want to have multiple styles on multiple
device sizes. You could have it as simple as desktop and mobile if you want to.

Here we are targeting any elements that have the tablet class. We're going to set
the background color to green. Do a refresh, and it's still not visible because it's still 
outside the range we specified. Okay. iPad is fine because that's within the range of 768px 
and 991px.

Again, let's emulate the change in size of our viewport again. Once we went to 992px it 
defaulted. In other words, the media queries aren't activated and the default styles above 
those media queries are activated. So we had max-width: 767px then we had min-width768px to 
a max-width: 991px So it's a range. And now we're creating a range between 992px and 1800px 
- which is generally a large desktop size.

If you want to go beyond that (1800px) don't specify a limiting max-width You can see there, 
the color black has been triggered based on the view size. And back to a Galaxy, you can see 
that our mobile color (blue) has been triggered.


Let's choose iPad. You see there the tablet media query is being triggered. Let's go to iPad 
Pro. and we can see there. So that's the basis of responsive design - very clever, very easy 
to put in place. Once you get familiar with the syntax you can create fantastic designs on 
different viewports.